Docs: Configuration file how-to guide (#10301)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/guides/pull-requests.rst

#. Enable the :guilabel:`Build pull requests for this project` option
#. Click on :guilabel:`Save`

.. tip::

>    Pull requests that existed before enabling pull request builds will not be detected immediately.
>    But once you push a new commit to an existing pull request,
>    it will start building.

Reviewer: Good to note this! To make this a little more clear/exact:

```suggestion
   Pull requests opened before enabling pull request builds will not trigger new builds automatically.
   Push a new commit to the pull request to trigger its first build.
```
